Docs: Fix broken grafana plugins tutorial links (#52147)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/add-support-for-annotations.md

This guide explains how to add support for [annotations]({{< relref "../../dashboards/annotations/" >}}) to an existing data source plugin.

> This guide assumes that you're already familiar with how to [Build a data source plugin](https://grafana.com/tutorials/build-a-data-source-plugin/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide assumes that you're already familiar with how to [Build a data source plugin]({{< ref "build-a-data-source-plugin.md" >}}).
```
